welcome youtube friends in this
new video tutorial I will teach you how to
download and install the player manager
we copy the link that I will leave in the
description of the video
we go to our preferred browser and
let's go to the download page
already on the page we click on download
and we downloaded the file
then we extract the rar file
and we have a folder called pgm 1.6
point 5
now we send the application to
desktop to create a shortcut
we proceed to open the application
in this little window we select 3-6 and
click ok
now in this window we press ok and
we select the excel of our fish 6
as you will see it starts loading the
application
already in the application we select the
window called vice or Walloons
we click on the button called to dubai or
add a new ball
we put the name of the ball in my case
fantasy ball
we select the bin file of the ball
do not worry, I'll leave you in the
description of the video
and we click on yes
now we select the image of the ball
or also called the texture of the ball
we click mang then import
rows and select the image
after having imported the image
make sure that in the box the
right leave the desired value
now we click on find or row and click
in share to
we open the game and we're going to match
exhibit and choose the uniform that
want
to select the game ball
we click on the bee key that is at
side of the film key
to change the ball we click on the
keys 7 and 8
we choose our ball and click on
following
sorry he was recording her with
qantas already
as you see there is our ball looks
weird because the design of the ball was wrong
fact
I will show you the equipments of the
good equipment that has been everything and we
we see until the next video where
I will teach them to change the equipment
of the teams chau to all and greetings